# cliodynamics

<p>Imagine being able to analyze civilizations. When I mean analyze, I don't mean a 30 page dissertation by a college student, or a "connect the dots" phase of your world history class. I mean with a room full of computers and you just waiting for the compiter to make a model, a machine learning model(fine, there is some connecting the dots, but there is more statistical analysis, although I prefer machine learning). Well, using mathematical models, often with the aid of computers, is how cliodynamics intends to view history.</p>

<p>Over time, I have been working on many analyses of America both historically and in the modern day, and I sought to apply cliodynamics in order to get a fuller picture. Some of the results I have got(including multiple failures), include the prediction of a recession around 2025 and the prediction of a civil war possibly soon after the 2024 election. However, the undisputed results are that tough times are ahead(that's sort've obvious). However, each iteration, I sought to did deeper and see what kind of tough times are ahead, and the results get worse by the day(that's an overstatement, it takes me more than a day to make each one, as collecting the data is so tedious that it takes up the majority of the time). Anyway, I hope that by you getting to view this repository, that you get to see my journey as I analyze civilizations(I will pick a country other than America in the future). Hope you have fun exploring this repository, and don't forget to star this repository(so you can get updates).</p>
